The game runs in unix using the command:
-> make run

  The game will feature items, spells, heroes, and monsters. The heroes and monsters live in a world represented by a grid. Heroes can engage in battles with monsters, using items and spells to defeat them, or they can purchase items to aid them in their adventure. Each time the heroes defeat a monster, they collect some money and gain experience. When they gain enough experience, the heroes "level up," meaning they become stronger in their individual abilities. 
  In the game, an item has a name, a purchase price, and a minimum required level for the hero to use it. A weapon is a type of item that the hero can use to attack a monster. It has a specific amount of damage it deals to the opponent and may require one or both hands of the hero to use it. Armor is an item that, when worn by a hero, reduces the damage they take from an opponent's attack. A potion is an item that, when used by a hero, increases a specific statistic by a certain amount. Potions are for one-time use, meaning they cannot be used again after being consumed.
  Α spell represents a magical attack that a hero can perform. Each spell has a name, a price, and a minimum required level for the hero to use it. Spells have a range of damage they can cause and a certain amount of magical energy required to execute them. After the spell is cast, the corresponding amount of magical energy is deducted from the hero. The damage dealt by a spell depends on the hero's skill value and always falls within the specified range. An IceSpell is a spell that, in addition to causing damage, also reduces the opponent's damage range for a few turns. A FireSpell is a spell that, besides causing damage, decreases the opponent's defense for a few turns. A LightingSpell is a spell that, along with causing damage, reduces the opponent's chance to dodge an attack for a few turns.
  A living entity (Living) represents a living creature in the game world. It has a name, a level, and a health power. When the health power reaches zero, the living entity faints. A hero is a living entity. It has a magic power and certain characteristics that affect its combat abilities. A hero has values for strength, dexterity, and agility. The hero's strength is added to the damage dealt by a weapon, dexterity allows more efficient execution of spells, and agility enables the hero to evade the opponent's attacks with a certain probability. A hero also possesses a certain amount of money and experience points. When the hero gains enough experience, it levels up. At each level, the values of strength, dexterity, and agility increase by a certain amount. A Warrior is a hero favored in strength and agility. This means that the initial values in these statistics will be higher than the rest, and when the hero levels up, these statistics will be affected more. A Sorcerer is a hero favored in dexterity and agility. A Paladin is a hero favored in strength and dexterity.
  A monster (Monster) is a living entity. It has a range of damage it can inflict with each of its attacks, a level of defense that reduces the damage it receives from an opponent's attack, and a probability to dodge an opponent's attack. A dragon (Dragon) is a monster that excels in the range of damage it can inflict. An exoskeleton creature (Exoskeleton) is a monster that excels in the level of defense it possesses. A spirit (Spirit) is a monster that excels in its ability to frequently dodge opponent's attacks.
  The game world is described by a grid (Grid) of specific dimensions. At any given moment, the hero's team (at least one and at most three heroes) is located in a square of the grid and can move one square up, down, right, or left (move). Some squares on the grid may not be accessible to the heroes (nonAccessible), some may have a market where items and spells can be bought (market), and some may be common squares (common). Heroes cannot visit a square that is not accessible. The heroes can buy items and spells (buy) from the market if they have enough money to do so. They can also sell items and spells they possess (sell) at half the price they bought them for. These transactions take place through a suitable menu where the player can see all the items available for sale or purchase, along with information about them (price, required hero level, etc.). Additionally, whenever the heroes visit a common square, there is a chance they may engage in a battle with monsters of similar level to the heroes. The battle, in this case, occurs automatically. When the heroes are not buying, selling, or fighting, they can check their inventory (checkInventory), use different weapons, equip different armor (equip), or use a potion (use). The player can view information about their heroes at any time, such as their level, health power, etc. The player can also display the grid (displayMap) at any time, which shows information about each square of the grid, such as whether the heroes are present in it, if it is inaccessible, or if it has a market. Lastly, the player can quit the game (quitGame) at any time.
  In battles, which are conducted in rounds, starting from the heroes, the fight continues until the health power of all monsters or all heroes reaches zero. If the battle ends because the heroes win, they receive a certain amount of money based on their level and the number of monsters they faced. Additionally, each hero gains a certain amount of experience, which is also proportional to their level and the number of monsters. If the battle ends because the monsters win, the heroes lose half of their money. In each round, both heroes and monsters regenerate a portion of their health power, except if it has reached zero. Heroes also regenerate a portion of their magic power each round. After the end of a battle, if any hero has zero remaining health power, it is restored to half of its normal value. During battles, when it's the heroes' turn, the player chooses for each hero whether they will perform a regular attack (attack), cast a spell (castSpell), or use a potion (use). They can also switch weapons and armor. Each hero can only perform one of these actions in each round. In each round, the player can display the statistics of each hero and monster (displayStats).
  
